# Kinetic calculation

Thank you for your interest in our program.

The program Kinetic calculation allows to calculate kinetic triplets for thermogravimetric analysis by Vyazovkin and Ozava-Flinn-Wall methods.

1. For an example of the program "Kinetic Calculation" in the root directory of the project there is a folder "Example Data".
It has three files. The file names correspond to three heating rates of 2, 5 and 10 K / min of Fe (OH) 3 substance.
These files are automatically generated by the device, but you can also create these files manually.
2. You need to load these three files into the program. To do this, double-click on the table cell in the "Prepare"
tab and select the 02.txt file, then click in the next column cell and load the 05.txt file and also repeat for the third file. 
In this tab you can upload as many files as you like at one speed (for this, click not on the cell of the new column, 
but on the cell of the new row), as well as on different heating speeds.
3. Go to the "Calculation" tab and click the "Calculation" button. On the left side of the program window are three graphs 
where you can move two vertical lines thereby setting the calculation range. It is this function that makes it possible 
to study in detail the kinetics of the decomposition of a substance.
4. The program will calculate the coefficients for a given range and draw the appropriate graphs. The calculation is carried 
out according to the methodology of Vyazovsky, Ozawa.
5. The program allows you to upload the calculated data. To do this, right-click on the resulting graph in the right part 
of the program window.

The program allows you to configure the format of input files through the "Input file format" tab. The tab allows you to specify the column 
numbers of the input files. Numbering from left to right. It starts with one. The separator between the columns can 
be any combination of spaces, tabs, semicolons.

On the "Calculation" tab, two vertical lines are displayed on the left figures. The lines allow you to set the temperature range for that 
the calculation is performed. Lines can be moved with the mouse.

The program allows you to export the calculation results in graphical format and in numerical data.
The export menu is called up with the right mouse button in the area of the graph of the result 
(two graphs on the right part of the "Calculation" tab).

02/26/2020 Added function to settings the input file
03/30/2020 Added the function of setting the alpha range and the function of setting the temperature range


We would be grateful for feedback on program "Kinetic Calculation".

Support email for questions: drozinda@susu.ru, sozykinsa@susu.ru 
